It was a lot easier to let chatGPT do a lot of the coding of the project for me. Once I got past the first few choices, it got progressively more difficult to keep track of what everything was doing, and the choice changes that led to those particular options. What chatGPT was not good at was actually writing artistically. When I just inputted the homework instructions into it, it did a terrible job of telling a story. It did not actually use the style shown in the example for coding the choices. While I did make sure I could do the coding if I needed to for the story, doing so was really kind of a pain to deal with and to keep track of all of the branches that needed to be programmed in. One of the benefits of having the AI do the coding part of the work is that AI is a lot better at not making errors in the code. When there are errors in the code, you have to go completely over every step to try to figure out what you messed up. But AI is definitely very bad at the artistic side of things. It can manage to do themes relatively well, like having the colors of the text match whatever theme you have indicated but isn't great at really having a full experience. AI tends to run into a lot of problems with either staying a little too simple or having parts of it work but then having a really noticeable ‘this doesn't really make sense’ element. Another problem with AI is that you have to keep track of the branches to make sure it doesn't loop into any of them oddly or incorrectly to the story once it gets longer.  You have work on the branches more because AI starts shortening to just the part you're working on and cannot keep track of the story threads and over-arching plot. Another thing I noticed was that it was far easier to check to make sure it was working by actually just playing through the interactive story rather than trying to actually check via just looking at the code.  It was helpful to have AI generate the images that I wanted, as long as I was detailed and specific about what I wanted. The other problem with having it be the image creator is that it had a harder time making all of the images consistently about the same thing or look the same. Another problem it had is sometimes the image came up with was too horrifying to be used.  Another problem that I noticed I had was I am really bad at not just continuing to add continuous branches, which is probably why I found it a lot easier for the AI to help me program the coding branches. 