This was interesting and fun to work on. Coming up with new things to add was especally fun. The AI was usefull for quickly implemeting ideais in to the game. IT was also usfull for simplifiying things. It was not usfull for actually testing the game or making any athstectiv choices. Sutch as at level five the cards started to cover the reset button so the grid layout needed to change. I decided to end the game at level 8 as it was easery to keep from being to messy and would still not cover the reset button. Also as the game is timed on a count down I decided to not make it to hard. The AI would also sometimes sugjest nonsensical ideas such as taking the idea that level 8 needed to have mote time was to give it the smae amount as level one. another thing was that I had to decide if the timing was actual possible for a human as the AI did not pay atttenction to that. The AI was very helpfull with simplifiying my coading when it was geting to spagetti-afied.  As I was not good enoug to consistantly beat level 8 I had to add a cheat to win function to make sure the win screen looked right. Another thing was that the AI only ever did what I asked it to do it has no creativity of its own and while it can sugest things it does not do a good job with actually thinking outside the box or even considering things to make the game micanics beter. sutch as it helped lower the cards number so there are staged but did not think that all the cards have to be in pairs or the game is unwinnable I had to be the one to fix that. Another example is clicking had to be diabled on game over or you could just keep going and at no point did the AI consider this. A noyhing thing was keeing new elements that fade in then dissaper from jaring the cards.